okay let's talk about the new samsung
galaxy tablets
if you'd asked me before today hey dave
what is the best tablet out there i
would have said
without a doubt in my mind like for sure
ipad pro
this is the best hardware the best
experience the best supported thing out
there
easy pick this product the samsung
tab s7 plus is in my opinion the first
tablet out there
that can legitimately compete with the
ipad pro's
like it's that good now this is for sure
the best android tablet right not a very
difficult achievement to a hit
uh but i think for many people this is
actually the better choice
and the more practical choice over the
ipad pro
that's a big claim now to understand why
we have to look at this product
as a comprehensive package not just as a
tablet by itself
but the whole thing like the keyboard
the s pen because when you're looking at
tablets at this kind of price point
these premium devices
you're not just using them for media
consumption right there's obviously a
reason as to why you're picking this up
instead of like a cheaper
two or three hundred dollar tablet just
for media consumption the plan is when
you pick up something premium and
high-end
you want to do more than just consume
media right
at least that's the the thinking so
let's look at the hardware first
obviously this thing is packed with some
powerful stuff the snapdragon 865 plus
six gigs of ram 128 gigs of storage and
also has a new
120hz display panel which is a smoother
and more
fluid visual experience and also has a
new s pen
and a new keyboard which we'll get into
a little bit but the hardware on this
thing
is excellent as a media consumption
device this thing is awesome the
speakers are very loud very clear
there's two on each side it's a very
nice audio experience if you're watching
movies you're listening to music
anything that has to do with sound this
thing does it really well the exterior
of the device hasn't changed much
from last year's model but the front
facing camera is now positioned in a way
so that's on top
in landscape mode the new screen is 120
hertz
ammo led high ppi it's a fantastic
visual experience and because it's got a
high refresh screen
stuff just looks super fluid on it now
i've talked about
in phone videos how a high refresh
screen isn't super important right
because on a phone
i mean scrolling is nice scrolling very
smoothly is really nice
but when it comes to a tablet a high
refresh screen makes a huge difference
especially when there's a pen or an s
pen involved and this is one of the
reasons why i like the ipad pro so much
when you're drawing or just doing any
kind of creative work with a pencil
or a pen and there's no lag it just
makes the whole pen and tablet
experience
so much better and this year they've
reduced the latency on the s pen
to nine milliseconds it's super fast
when you draw with this thing
it really feels like there's no
perceptible latency between the s pen
and the screen it's just so much better
than last year's model now when you're
done with it or when you want to store
it it just goes into the back of the
device it stores magnetically
it doesn't have a divot on the back of
the screen like last year's model
it just attaches onto a flush surface
the case that i have on this device is
the bookcase keyboard and it is so much
better than last year's model that thing
used
weird adhesives to stick the back thing
on it was no good it was unreliable
and more importantly the keyboard this
is a way better keyboard than last
year's model this types
similarly to a surface device it's not
as good i definitely prefer the surface
keyboards but the layout is on point
and it just feels appropriate like the
responsiveness of the keys is nice
it doesn't have backlighting which is
unfortunate and the keyboard also does
not tilt up
like surface keyboards also unfortunate
but the overall typing experience
is good now the reason why i'm even
talking about this stuff but the pen
and the keyboard is because the
functionality
that this whole thing provides comes to
life
with samsung dex and if you're
unfamiliar with what dex is it's this
platform that samsung has that allows
you to use their android devices
in an environment that's more windows
like right it's got a taskbar
it's got windows that you can resize and
stuff like that it's a very
productivity focused platform now here's
the thing samsung dex is available on
pretty much
every single samsung device their phones
that's a lie not every samsung devices
clearly their fridges don't have samsung
decks but they're they're android
devices
the current ones have decks and i've
always found decks to be gimmicky when
it comes to their phones because it's
like in order to use this
to use it effectively you need to have a
keyboard
a mouse and potentially a bigger screen
like who's carrying that stuff around
right it's it feels like a cool idea but
not a lot of people are using decks
on their phones but when it comes to a
tablet what i think dex does is it gives
the user a different user
interface depending on whether they're
holding the tablet and using it for
media consumption or
handheld touch sensitive things and it
differs
from when you connect it up to your
keyboard and that i think is a
fundamental
difference between this tablet and just
gives it so much more practicality
versus everything else out there if
you're using an ipad if you're holding
it your hand
if you have it connected to a keyboard
and you're doing work on it it's the
same ui
and multitasking on ipad os doesn't feel
particularly
efficient and same thing with windows
tablets when it comes to the surface
devices
it's why they're great as laptops but
they're not the best
media consumption devices when it comes
to handheld use
with dex it allows the device to be
a really good tablet and a really good
laptop
because the ui can switch to an
environment where there's multiple
windows that you can move around
and resize however which way you want
and that is
so useful like there's a reason why
microsoft windows has that stuff there's
a reason why
mac os has that stuff because resizable
windows movable windows is so useful
when you're trying to get stuff done
and that's always been one of the
biggest shortcomings of ipads because
ipad os doesn't allow
true or proper multitasking it's got
some panes you can shift them around but
it's not like
this if you want the good stuff samsung
decks uh battery life on this thing is
pretty solid it's a
easy 10 hours if you wanted to you could
probably hit like 13
14 if you lower the screen brightness
but at like the three quarter mark
so there
i just ran the test 10 and 10 hours in a
little bit it's pretty solid
now there are some disadvantages with
samsung's tablets there's two things
that come to mind both software
related number one apps ipads just have
a more robust
app selection developers probably feel
more comfortable more confident
in developing apps for this user base
because there's so many tablet like ios
tablet users out there
versus a tablet that's android based but
secondly
i'm going to bring this up because their
track record in the past hasn't been
excellent
samsung's support for their hardware
it's like a comfortable two years
sometimes three years and i don't know
if that's you know i don't know how
that's going to be like
in three years time you always get two
years of great support and then
afterwards
it's hit or miss now with ipads you just
get
awesome updates for four to four or five
years sometimes
two to three isn't is comfortable you'd
be lucky if you got more
but that's the galaxy tab s7 plus i
think it's a really good devices here
so much better it's so much more
competitive now that they have the 120
hertz screen
and the overall pack is just so much
more refined
okay hope you guys enjoyed this video
thumbs if you liked it subs if you loved
it
i'll see you guys next time